What was your favorite feature of Python? Do you remember? Like what? Yeah.
So it's so interesting to linger on like the, what,
what really makes you connect with a language?
I'm not sure it's obvious to introspect.
That. No, it isn't. And I I've thought about that. It's just some length.
I'm not, I, I think definitely the fact that I could read it later. Yeah.
That I could use it productively without becoming an expert and like other
language I had to put more effort into. Right.
That's like an empirical observation.
Like you're not analyzing any one aspect to language.
It just seems time after time, when you look back, it's somehow.
Readable, it's somehow readable and then it, it was sort of, I could take, uh,
executable English yeah. And translated to Python more easily.
Like I didn't have to go. There was no translation layer, uh,
as an engineer or as a scientist, I could think about what I wanted to do.
And then the syntax wasn't that far behind it. Yeah. Right now there was some,
there have some theres, some warts there still, it wasn't perfect.
Like there's some areas where I'm like, ah,
it would be better if this were different. Or if this were different.
Some of those things got added a language too.
I was really grateful for some of the early pioneers in the Python ecosystem
back, cuz Python got written in 91 is when the first version came out,
but GTO was very open to users.
And one of the sets of users where people like Jim Hugin and,
and David Asher and Paul Deua and uh, Conrad Hinson,
these were people that were on the main and they were just asking for things
like, Hey, we really should have complex numbers in this language. So let's,
you know, there's a J there's a one J right. And the fact they went,
the engineering route of J is interesting. I,
I don't think that's entirely favoring engineers.
I think it's because I is so often used as the index of a for loop <laugh> I
think that's actually why.
Probably, right. I mean, there's, there's a.
Pragmatic aspect, but the fact that complex numbers were there.
I love that the fact that I could write in the arrays constructs and that
reduction was there very simple to write summations and, and,
and broadcasting was there. I could do addition of whole arrays. Um,
so that was cool. Those are some things I loved about it.